now we're going to go back to the Middle
East where two key right-wing members of
Israel's coalition government has
threatened to bring it down if the Prime
Minister agrees to the latest peace deal
offer the Finance Minister bzel smotri
and the national security minister isir
benav have said that they were opposed
to striking any deal unless Hamas was
wiped out and last night in Tel avive
tens of thousands of people gathered to
urge the prime minister to accept the
ceasefire proposal which was unveiled by
by the US President Joe Biden groups of
protesters dispersed were dispersed by
Mounted Police and by water cannon so
let's discuss this proposed deal with
mju zi who is joining us from Doha a
professor of contemporary Middle East
politics at Qatar University Professor
zi what do you think hamas's leadership
group in Doha in katar where you are are
saying are they urging each other to
accept Joe 's
proposal as far as um they um announced
last night they looking positively to
the announcement made by President uh
Biden and they are willing to uh uh talk
about it and discuss it um further to
see more clear plan uh and uh more
details about the implementation um let
me just uh uh remind the viewers that
all of the proposed suggested in the
last few months actually all of them
sort of uh re restructure and re submit
of what had happened in the Paris
meeting a few months ago when the whole
uh uh mediators uh basically discussing
the whole crisis in Gaza so everything
we see now is actually started in Paris
in Paris discussion which is actually
happened a few months ago so the new
proposal is sort of amendment of that
discussion so what what is your
understanding then what what is
specifically different then with this
because arguably this proposal means
that does Hamas in your understanding
continue as is because ultimately
Benjamin Netanyahu the right of his
party will not accept
that list um according to President
Biden what he presented it was an
Israeli proposal and that proposal did
not mention three things one anything
about the day after
secondly anything about rebuilding Gaza
thirdly um about uh the complete uh
withdraw however if you look at the
three steps announced by Biden actually
there is a talk about stopping all uh um
uh I would say military activities but
they don't talk about complete saire so
there is a there is a a playing of words
can be seen all of the proposal they
talk about three stages
each stage 42 days and basically
followed by complete ceasefire and
within those there will be uh uh
basically all of the uh captiv will be
released there will be more Palestinian
also released there will be uh uh there
will be freedom to the gazan people from
South to go to the north narim Israelis
will withdraw from Whole Gaza um and
then they talk about uh basically
rebuilding in what Biden presented there
is no talk about the day after and what
that is what I think B now Netanyahu
trying to capitalize on and trying to
protect the proposal from uh uh his
cabinet members okay Professor maub zier
from the Kat University we're going to
have to leave it there we're out of time
but thank you for your analysis